"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." - Declaration of Independence 1776
"How far they may be endowed with this unalienable right I do not yet say, but, sure I am, these gentry (Americans) assume to themselves an unalienable right of talking nonsense." - Scot's Magazine 1776
"Then join hand in hand, brave Americans all! By uniting we stand, by dividing we fall." - Dickinson's Liberty Song 1768
By uniting we stand, by dividing we fall." - Dickinson's Liberty Song 1768
"Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it." - The Crisis by Thomas Paine 1777
“Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety” - Benjamin Franklin 1755
"If you are ashamed to stand by your colors, you had better seek another flag" - Author Unknown
“The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it. Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defense are constitutional rights secure” - Albert Einstein
"Laws that forbid the carrying of arms ... disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes. Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed one" - Cesare Beccaria 1774
“Liberty must at all hazards be supported. We have a right to it, derived from our Maker. But if we had not, our fathers have earned and bought it for us, at the expense of their ease, their estates, their pleasure, and their blood.” – John Adams 1765
“America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves” - Abraham Lincoln ~1838
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” - Winston Churchill
“You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.” - Winston Chruchill
"Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it." - Edmund Burke
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
“Liberty, once lost, is lost forever.” - John Adams
“If conscience disapproves, the loudest applauses of the world are of little value.” - John Adams
"Where there is no vision, there is no hope." - George Washington Carver
"True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less." - C. S. Lewis
“A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self.” - Charles Dickens
"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts." - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome." - Booker T. Washington
"When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle." - Edmund Burke
“A man may imagine things that are false, but he can only understand things that are true, for if the things be false, the apprehension of them is not understanding.” - Isaac Newton
“You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know.” - William Wilberforce
"All generalizations are dangerous, even this one." - Alexandre Dumas
“We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.” - Blaise Pascal
“How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.” - Florence Nightingale
“What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value.” - Thomas Paine
"Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives." - James Madison
"The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse." - Edmund Burke
“Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.” - Mark Twain
"Courage is grace under pressure." - Ernest Hemingway
“It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do.” - Jane Austen
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston Churchill
"A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots." - Marcus Garvey
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning." - Albert Einstein
“I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don’t intend to waste any of mine.” - Neil Armstrong
"When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us." - Alexander Graham Bell
“Love your Enemies, for they tell you your Faults.” - Benjamin Franklin
“Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.” - Alexander Pope
“Those who stand for nothing fall for everything.” - Alexander Hamilton
"No amount of evidence will ever persuade an idiot." - attributed to Mark Twain
"Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder." - George Washington
"The best is the enemy of the good." - Voltaire
“Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.” – Benjamin Franklin
“The secret of freedom lies in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is in keeping them ignorant.” – Maximilien Robespierre
“Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.” – Voltaire
"Those who are clueless are simply lost in the hallway before another door opens" - Mr. Blue
“In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.” – Immanuel Kant
"Insults are the arguments employed by those who are in the wrong." - Rousseau
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something." - Plato
"It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness." - Charles Spurgeon
"You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser." - Socrates
